App Description: Briefly explain – in  your own words - what the app does. Describe the purpose of each activity and how they work together.
The app allows a user to enter a person's information, including first name, last name, and phone number. When the user clicks add passenger, 
this information is recorded and displayed on the current passenger list. Once the user finishes adding passengers, they can return to the 
original activity, which also displays the passengers. When the user clicks on "get passenger list" again, the list is reset and allows the 
user to enter a new list. The main activity aims to show the current/most recently returned list. The GetPassengers activity's purpose 
is to allow a user to save one accumulating list at a time by entering passenger information and viewing the saved list on the main activity.

Challenges and Solutions: Share any obstacles you encountered while building your app – one or two will do. How did you solve these issues?
Since the directions didn't specify(unless I overlooked them), I needed to implement my own way to modify the accum_list, so I mimicked what 
was done on the main activity list and created an accumList TextView. Another challenge I faced was formatting to resemble the original app's
format in terms of placements and spacing, which I was able to resolve through guess and check until my app looked similar.

Key Learnings: Reflect on what you learned about Kotlin programming, XML layouts, and passing data between activities.
Through this project, I was able to familiarize myself and become more comfortable using intent to pass data between two activities. I was
also able to practice formatting XML layouts so that they aligned how they were intended on the screen. Overall, this program enhanced my
comfortability using Kotlin to create mobile apps.

Future Improvements: If you had more time, what might you add to this app? How would you enhance its functionality?
If I had more time, I would add some safe checks with the name and phone number inputs because right now, characters outside of letters can
be entered into names, and characters outside of numbers can be entered into the phone number. I would also want to create an option to add
onto a previous list rather than resetting it each time.
